Create section describing wallet passphrase & security in Lisk docs (#1862)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/account-management.adoc

|For users that solely require the key pair on a remote server, e.g., a validator node on a remote data center.
Storing and backing up an encrypted file is necessary, but the user only needs to remember or securely store one password.
|===

== Lisk wallet passphrase and security best practices

Wallets play a crucial role, as they provide a secure means to store, send, and receive both LSK tokens and other tokens/coins.

> Wallets in general come in different forms, including a variety of software wallets, such as hot wallets, custodial/non-custodial and web wallets; to hardware wallets, and even paper wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallets in general come in different forms, including a variety of software wallets, such as hot wallets, custodial/non-custodial, and web wallets; hardware wallets, and even paper wallets.
```

They operate using a combination of public and private keys, ensuring the safety and authenticity of transactions on the Lisk blockchain.

> A more in-depth overview can be found here regarding the overall xref:{url_wallet_types}[types of wallets] available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more in-depth overview regarding the wallets, see {url_wallet_types}[types of wallets^].
```

=== Passphrases

> As previously discussed, Lisk accounts employ a 12-word xref:{url_mnemonic_passphrase}[Mnemonic Passphrase] to ensure robust security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously discussed, Lisk accounts employ a 12-word {url_mnemonic_passphrase}[Mnemonic Passphrase^] to ensure robust security.
```

This is due to the fact that each term within the {url_github_bip_39}[BIP 39^] mnemonic phrase embodies 11 bits of entropy, resulting in a cumulative 132 bits for a 12-word sequence.
This overall entropy amalgamates 128 bits of inherent entropy and an additional 4 bits designated for the checksum.

Nevertheless, the BIP39 seed phrase relies on a finite pool of 2,048 words, which in turn restricts the potential permutations that can be produced.
Conversely, a 24-word seed phrase comprises 256 bits of entropy, as each term encapsulates 11 bits, culminating in a total of 264 bits, including the checksum.

The same rationale holds true for the 256 bits of entropy plus an extra 8 bits for the checksum.
While a 12-word phrase offers greater memorability and ease of input, it concurrently becomes more susceptible to guessing or brute-force attacks by malicious actors.

Given the mere 128 bits of entropy, deciphering a 12-word seed phrase would necessitate significantly less time and resources compared to a 24-word counterpart with 256 bits of entropy.
Nevertheless, even in the face of heightened susceptibility to guessing, the task of brute-forcing remains nearly insurmountable.

> With 12 words offering a staggering 2^128 potential combinations, the probability of arriving at the correct combination is exceedingly remote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With 12 words offering a staggering 2^128^ potential combinations, the probability of arriving at the correct combination is exceedingly remote.
```
